Document plugins CLI option. (#1790)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/plugin-api-interfaces.md

sidebar_position: 4
description: Plugin interfaces
tags:
  - public networks
  - private networks
---

# Plugin API interfaces

> API interfaces in Besu allow users to [build plugins](../../public-networks/concepts/plugins.md) to extend Besu functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API interfaces in Besu allow users to [build plugins](../concepts/plugins.md) to extend Besu's functionality.
```
